README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> One paragraph statement about the project.

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update template Readme & Mit with project information

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Booklist App

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

This is a Microverse project. it's about an app that allows you to create/remove books to a database of books(stored in : local storage)

## Built With

- HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Vscode

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://aminehlub.github.io/Awesome-books/)


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- VSCODE / Live HTTP Server

- OS with Git installed on it

### Setup

**Run** git clone https://github.com/AmineHLub/Awesome-books.git


## Authors

👤 **Badr Ben Slama**

- GitHub: [@Goldinium](https://github.com/Goldinium)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/badrbenslama)

👤 **Mohamed Amine Hajltiaef**
- GitHub: [@AmineHLub](https://github.com/AmineHLub)
- Twitter: [@Amino47612441](https://twitter.com/Amino47612441)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-amine-hajltaief-b18863163/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Any contributing is welcome

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/AmineHLub/Awesome-books/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!


## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
